= Quote of the Day (or the Moment) REST docs
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:
:operation-curl-request-title: Example request
:operation-http-response-title: Example response

[[quotes]]
= Quotes API

URL endpoints and HTTP methods for adding, updating, and deleting quotes, and for managing quote attributions.

== `/quotes/`

=== `GET`

[pass]
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quotes/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quotes/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quotes/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quotes/http-response.adoc[]
.Response array element object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

=== `POST`

[pass]
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/post-quote/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/post-quote/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/post-quote/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/post-quote/http-response.adoc[]
.Request object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/post-quote/auto-request-fields.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/post-quote/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

== `/quotes/{quoteId}`

Retrieve, modify, or delete a single quote.

=== `GET`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote/http-response.adoc[]
.Path parameters
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote/auto-path-parameters.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

=== `PUT`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/put-quote/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/put-quote/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/put-quote/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/put-quote/http-response.adoc[]
.Path parameters
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/put-quote/auto-path-parameters.adoc[]
.Request object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/put-quote/auto-request-fields.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/put-quote/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

=== `DELETE`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/delete-quote/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/delete-quote/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/delete-quote/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/delete-quote/http-response.adoc[]
.Path parameters
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/delete-quote/auto-path-parameters.adoc[]

== `/quotes/random`

=== `GET`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-random/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-random/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-random/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-random/http-response.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-random/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

== `/quotes/qod`

=== `GET`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-qod/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-qod/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-qod/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-qod/http-response.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-qod/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

== `/quotes/search`

=== `GET`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/search-quotes/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/search-quotes/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/search-quotes/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/search-quotes/http-response.adoc[]
.Query string parameters
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/search-quotes/auto-request-parameters.adoc[]
.Response array element object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quotes/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

== `/quotes/{quoteId}/sources/{sourceId}`

Control attribution for a quote.

=== `PUT`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/attribute-quote/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/attribute-quote/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/attribute-quote/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/attribute-quote/http-response.adoc[]
.Path parameters
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/attribute-quote/auto-path-parameters.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/attribute-quote/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

=== `GET`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote-attribution/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote-attribution/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote-attribution/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote-attribution/http-response.adoc[]
.Path parameters
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote-attribution/auto-path-parameters.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/get-quote-attribution/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

=== `DELETE`

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/unattribute-quote/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/unattribute-quote/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/unattribute-quote/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/unattribute-quote/http-response.adoc[]
.Path parameters
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/unattribute-quote/auto-path-parameters.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/quote-controller-test/unattribute-quote/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

[[sources]]
= Sources API

URL endpoints and HTTP methods for adding, updating, and deleting sources, and for managing quote attributions.

== `/sources/`

=== `GET`

[pass]
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/get-sources/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/get-sources/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/get-sources/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/get-sources/http-response.adoc[]
.Response array element object properties
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/get-sources/auto-response-fields.adoc[]

=== `POST`

[pass]
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/post-source/auto-description.adoc[]
<br/>

include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/post-source/auto-authorization.adoc[]

.HTTP sample request
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/post-source/http-request.adoc[]
.HTTP sample response
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/post-source/http-response.adoc[]
.Request object properties
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/post-source/auto-request-fields.adoc[]
.Response object properties
include::{snippets}/source-controller-test/post-source/auto-response-fields.adoc[]
